CR#25245 add AgentOption teamscale-revision-manifest-jar (#184)
cqse/teamscale-jacoco-agent: CHANGELOG.md

- PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.

# Next Release

> - [feature] Option `teamscale-revision-manifest-jar` which can be used to read the git commit revision from the `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` in the Jar file. The field must be named `Revision` and must be provided as a main attribute or the field must be callsed `Git_Commit` and must be an attribute of an entry called `Git`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [feature] Option `teamscale-revision-manifest-jar` which can be used to read the git commit revision from the `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` in the Jar file. The field must be named `Revision` and must be provided as a main attribute. Alternatively the field can be called `Git_Commit` and must be an attribute of an entry called `Git`.
```
